it looks like the end for gaza's already
baged Zoo now reduced to Rubble this
once housed around 100 species we
announced the two appeals at least for
the community International Community
and the Red Cross and the UN but
unfortunately the Israeli forces didn't
allow us to reach the place uh and in
one case uh when two brave men of our
staff tried to reach the the zoo they
have been
targeted targeted directly and one of
them was
injured only able to reach the zoo when
the ceasefire began many animals died of
dehydration and starvation While others
died in the air strikes few were left
alive 90% of the animals died here this
is a dead baboon here starved to death
and this B Pony here uh almost
starving uh the zoo is uh mainly
entertaining and uh for educational
purposes and entertainment for school
children this lion here hasn't eaten in
more than 3
weeks it's almost
starving we found around the ground of
the zoo is littered with shells the
hyenas are dead the wolves are dead
there is only one wall it's clearly
terrified petrified it hasn't stopped
going to
th all the animals around it are dead
these are three Palestinian foxes they
are also dead they're very rare types of
foxes even if the ceasefire is extended
the Damage Done to cultural places like
this zoo and the loss of rare species is
permanent imin Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer